README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I am Weile</h1>

Undergraduate Student at University of Michigan

Distributed Systems, Databases, Backend

Reach me at: **weilez@umich.edu**

Hobbies: 🎹 🏀 💪 ⛳ 🎾 🎱

<!---
[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=weile-zheng&theme=sunset-gradient&card_width=1000&mode=weekly)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Weile-Zheng-blue)

- 📫 How to reach me **weilez@umich.edu**

- ⚡ About me: **California 📍
Software Engineering 💻
Machine Learning 🚀
Piano 🎹
Basketball 🏀**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/weile-zheng-200118262" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="weile-zheng-200118262" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/__weile__" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="__weile__" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a></p>

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=weile-zheng&theme=sunset-gradient&card_width=1000)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
--->

Commit message:

Revise focus areas in README
Updated focus areas to include Compilers and ML Systems.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I am Weile</h1>

Undergraduate Student at University of Michigan

Nowadays, I mainly focus on four things: Distributed Systems, Databases, Compilers, and ML Systems.

Reach me at: **weilez@umich.edu**

Hobbies: 🎹 🏀 💪 ⛳ 🎾 🎱

<!---
[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=weile-zheng&theme=sunset-gradient&card_width=1000&mode=weekly)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Weile-Zheng-blue)

- 📫 How to reach me **weilez@umich.edu**

- ⚡ About me: **California 📍
Software Engineering 💻
Machine Learning 🚀
Piano 🎹
Basketball 🏀**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/weile-zheng-200118262" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="weile-zheng-200118262" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://instagram.com/__weile__" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/instagram.svg" alt="__weile__" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/firebase/firebase-icon.svg" alt="firebase" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a></p>

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=weile-zheng&theme=sunset-gradient&card_width=1000)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
--->
